Update configurability for CA1068 (#21853)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1068.md

A method has a <xref:System.Threading.CancellationToken> parameter that is not the last parameter.

> By default, this rule analyzes the entire codebase, but this is [configurable](#excluded-symbols).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this rule analyzes the entire codebase, but this is [configurable](#configurability).
```

Author: Other configurability might not be related to the configuration of which part of the codebase is analyzed.

Reviewer: I wanted to suggest a different arrangement of the configuration section, but I couldn't create a PR to your fork, so I had to commit directly to your branch instead.

## Configurability

> This rule has the following configurable options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Security). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule has the following configurable options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).
```

### Excluded symbols

#### Excluded symbol names

You can configure which parts of your codebase to exclude from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any code within types named `MyType`, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType
```

Allowed symbol name formats in the option value (separated by `|`):

> - Symbol name only (includes all symbols with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Symbol name only (includes all symbols with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).
```

> - Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/spec/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format). Each symbol name requires a symbol kind prefix, such as "M:" prefix for methods, `T:` prefix for types, "N:" prefix for namespaces, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format). Each symbol name requires a symbol-kind prefix, such as `M:` for methods, `T:` for types, and `N:` for namespaces.
```

> - `.ctor` for constructors and `.cctor` for static constructors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.ctor` for constructors and `.cctor` for static constructors.
```

Examples:

| Option Value | Summary |
| --- | --- |

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType` | Matches all symbols named 'MyType' in the compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType` | Matches all symbols named 'MyType'. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType1|MyType2` | Matches all symbols named either 'MyType1' or 'MyType2' in the compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType1|MyType2` | Matches all symbols named either 'MyType1' or 'MyType2'. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS.MyType.MyMethod(ParamType)` | Matches specific method 'MyMethod' with given fully qualified signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS.MyType.MyMethod(ParamType)` | Matches specific method `MyMethod` with the specified fully qualified signature. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS1.MyType1.MyMethod1(ParamType)|M:NS2.MyType2.MyMethod2(ParamType)` | Matches specific methods 'MyMethod1' and 'MyMethod2' with respective fully qualified signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS1.MyType1.MyMethod1(ParamType)|M:NS2.MyType2.MyMethod2(ParamType)` | Matches specific methods 'MyMethod1' and 'MyMethod2' with the respective fully qualified signatures. |
```

#### Excluded type names with derived types

> You can configure which types, including its derived types, to exclude from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any methods within types named `MyType` and its derived types, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure specific types, including their derived types, to exclude from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any methods within types named `MyType` and its derived types, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:
```

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType
```

Allowed symbol name formats in the option value (separated by `|`):

> - Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).
```

> - Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/spec/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format), with an optional `T:` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format), with an optional `T:` prefix.
```

Examples:

| Option Value | Summary |
| --- | --- |

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType` | Matches all types named 'MyType' and all of its derived types in the compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType` | Matches all types named 'MyType' and all of their derived types. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType1|MyType2` | Matches all types named either 'MyType1' or 'MyType2' and all of their derived types in the compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType1|MyType2` | Matches all types named either 'MyType1' or 'MyType2' and all of their derived types. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = M:NS.MyType` | Matches specific type 'MyType' with given fully qualified name and all of its derived types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = M:NS.MyType` | Matches specific type 'MyType' with given fully qualified name and all of its derived types. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = M:NS1.MyType1|M:NS2.MyType2` | Matches specific types 'MyType1' and 'MyType2' with respective fully qualified names and all of their derived types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = M:NS1.MyType1|M:NS2.MyType2` | Matches specific types 'MyType1' and 'MyType2' with the respective fully qualified names, and all of their derived types. |
```

## Configurability

This rule has the following configurable options that can be configured for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

### Include or exclude selected APIs

Use the following options to configure which parts of your codebase to run this rule on.

> - [Include specific API surfaces](#api-surface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Include specific API surfaces](#include-specific-api-surfaces)
```

- [Exclude specific symbols](#exclude-specific-symbols)
- [Exclude specific types and their derived types](#exclude-specific-types-and-their-derived-types)

#### Include specific API surfaces

You can include or exclude APIs from analysis based on their accessibility. For example, to specify that the rule should run only against the non-public API surface, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.api_surface = private, internal
```

#### Exclude specific symbols

> You can exclude specific symbols, for example, types methods, from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any code within types named `MyType`, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can exclude specific symbols, such as types and methods, from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any code within types named `MyType`, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:
```

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType
```

Allowed symbol name formats in the option value (separated by `|`):

- Symbol name only (includes all symbols with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).

> - Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format). Each symbol name requires a symbol-kind prefix, such as `M:` for methods, `T:` for types, and `N:` for namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/processing-the-xml-file.md#id-strings). Each symbol name requires a symbol-kind prefix, such as `M:` for methods, `T:` for types, and `N:` for namespaces.
```

- `.ctor` for constructors and `.cctor` for static constructors.

Examples:

| Option Value | Summary |
| --- | --- |
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType` | Matches all symbols named 'MyType'. |
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = MyType1|MyType2` | Matches all symbols named either 'MyType1' or 'MyType2'. |
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS.MyType.MyMethod(ParamType)` | Matches specific method `MyMethod` with the specified fully qualified signature. |
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_symbol_names = M:NS1.MyType1.MyMethod1(ParamType)|M:NS2.MyType2.MyMethod2(ParamType)` | Matches specific methods 'MyMethod1' and 'MyMethod2' with the respective fully qualified signatures. |

#### Exclude specific types and their derived types

> You can configure specific types, including their derived types, to exclude from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any methods within types named `MyType` and its derived types, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can exclude specific types and their derived types from analysis. For example, to specify that the rule should not run on any methods within types named `MyType` and their derived types, add the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:
```

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1068.excluded_type_names_with_derived_types = MyType
```

Allowed symbol name formats in the option value (separated by `|`):

- Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).

> - Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format), with an optional `T:` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/processing-the-xml-file.md#id-strings), with an optional `T:` prefix.
```
